[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] The Straw Hats
formed an alliance with Law
and targeted the Don Quixote
Family in Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged
all present to a game.
[NARRATOR] In one harrowing
battle after another,
the Straw Hats and
their allies defeated
each of the Don Quixote
Family Executives,
until at last,
only their leader remained.
As the struggle continues,
the razer-sharp threads
of Doflamingo's "Birdcage"
tear across Dressrosa,
threatening to massacre
everyone in the kingdom.
Luffy rushes to
defeat Doflamingo
before it is too late,
but exhausts his Haki
in the process,
leaving his allies to
temporarily fend for themselves.
Do you really think your swords
can stop the cage's
movement, Sir Zoro?
It isn't something that can
simply be pushed back!
At the end of the day,
this is just one man's power.
So there's no reason to
believe that I can't stop it!
[FRANKY]
Now. It's go time, baby!
[DWARVES]
Keep pushing!
[FRANKY]
Whatcha gonna do?
[DWARVES]
Push!
All right, guys,
don't make me look bad!
Keep pushing and
my barrier's got ya! Go!
We'll do it
just like Mister Zoro!
Whoa! It can't be!
Trafalgar Law!
Is Straw Hat gonna
get his Haki back or not?
Yeah. It's just...
He said he needed ten minutes
and now we've got about
three and a half to go.
I'll take him under
my care from here.
Let's go. Every second counts.
[MANSHERRY]
You can do it, Dressrosa!
Don't give up!
[TOWNSMAN A] The Birdcage
is closing in on us!
[TOWNSMAN B]
Huh? Whoa.
[TOWNSMAN C]
Hey, you're walking again!
[TOWNSMAN B]
Uh, yeah.
[TOWNSMAN C]
What happened?
Everyone's injuries
are healing up!
[TOWNSMAN B] We can figure it
out later! For now, let's run!
[USOPP]
Not so fast!
Listen to what I
have to say first!
[TOWNSMAN B]
Yes, Hack? What is it?
Not him! Listen to me!
[TOWNSPEOPLE scream]
The Five-Star guy, God Usopp!
So what was your crime, anyway?
[USOPP] Shut up!
We're in a hurry, here!
[TOWNSPEOPLE]
Uh. Yessir!
Now, this is the deal.
If you're strong, we need your
help in the east and west!
My friends are there pushing
the Birdcage back by force!
This is the only way!
He really thinks we can
push back the Birdcage?
No way that's gonna
happen, man! That's crazy!
[TOWNSMAN H]
Yeah, that's totally impossible.
Is it? Trust in my friends!
You won't know until you try!
[ALL gasp]
We made a god angry!
[TOWNSMAN I]
We'll do our best!
[USOPP pants]
You need to sit down?
[USOPP sighs]
Or take a nap.
You think they're
really gonna help,
or are they just faking it?
Viola, could you check and--
Huh? What happened?
Did she run off?
[HACK] She was here
just a moment ago.
We'll just have to
hope for the best.
We'd better ask other islanders
for help while we can.
If we can hold out
a little more,
I know we can count on Luffy!
[LOGAN groans]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Straw Hat!
Your human shields didn't
offer much resistance!
Stop playing games
and show yourself!
Sorry buddy, but this
"human shield"... [pants]
...ain't finished with you yet.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Get your filthy hands off me,
you piece of trash.
[groans]
[COMPETITOR A]
I'm not giving up!
[COMPETITOR B] We're keeping you
right here, till Lucy gets back!
[COMPETITOR C yells]
Run him through!
I don't care if you stab me!
[COMPETITORS yell]
If you fools want to
suffer that badly,
then I can oblige.
How many people
do I have to mutilate
to get your attention,
Straw Hat?
[gasps]
[TOWNSMAN J] I've got a child!
Let us through!
What's the holdup?
The Birdcage is right there!
[TOWNSMAN K] They said
there's danger up ahead!
Nobody here is
making any progress!
Everyone in the kingdom
was headed for downtown,
but now that we're here,
we're stuck!
[TOWNSMAN J]
No way.
[REBECCA]
Everyone! You need to move!
Go towards the plateau!
Where the Royal Palace is at!
You're Rebecca!
It's safe that way?
Are you sure?
Yes! That's where the center
of the Birdcage is moving.
Please hurry!
It's not safe here!
Okay! I guess I'll
take your word for it!
[TOWNSMAN M gasps]
Yeah.
--[TOWNSMAN N] Me, too!
--[TOWNSMAN O] Let's go!
[TOWNSMAN P]
Did you hear that? The plateau!
Everyone run to the plateau!
Listen! Downtown is
a battlefield, it's not safe!
Everyone needs to
run to the plateau!
No time to explain! Just hurry!
[TOWNSMAN Q]
You hear that?
[TOWNSMAN R]
Go!
It's going to be all right!
Don't lose hope!
There are still people out there
fighting to save Dressrosa!
They're holding
back the Birdcage
with all the strength
they've got!
Rebecca, go! Try to guide
the citizens to safety!
Just leave the Birdcage to us!
Come on! You'll be okay!
[TOWNSMAN S]
Thanks, Rebecca!
[REBECCA] They're fighting the
Birdcage with all their might.
[REBECCA] But what if
it can't be stopped,
no matter how strong they are?
Then all their efforts
will be in vain.
[REBECCA] I know I can't fight
as well as someone like Lucy.
But still. If everyone is
laying their lives on the line,
I have to do whatever I can!
[REBECCA]
I'm sorry, Father,
but there's only
one way to end this.
[REBECCA]
By killing Doflamingo!
[gasps] Viola!
Rebecca! What are you
doing here?
I'm here to fight! I have to!
That's ridiculous
and you know it!
If I let you join your mother,
I would never be able to face
Kyros again, as long as I lived!
Get away from here!
So, what business
do you have with me, Viola?
[chuckles]
[VIOLET] The Don Quixote Family
is about to be obliterated.
If I do nothing
to take responsibility
as a former Executive,
it would be an insult
to this nation.
You can't!
[VIOLET]
Only one of us is going to
leave this battle alive, Doffy.
Now face me!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles] You always
were a woman of passion.
Weren't you, Violet?
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Viola, no!
We gotta push way harder!
You got this, little bros!
[DWARVES]
We're trying!
We'll stop this thing,
I guarantee!
Now what're we gonna do?
[DWARVES]
We're all gonna push!
[yelling]
Is this a success?
I think it's slowing down
a little bit. Probably.
It is slight, but I
believe you are correct.
Actually, I stand corrected--
it's speeding up.
'Cause you're running
your mouth too much
and not pushing enough!
I don't have time for you!
Sorry, but I'm afraid
you'll have to
tell me who's speaking--
I'm blind, you see.
What now? We can't afford
to abandon our duty!
[ZORO]
Damn it!
[ZORO, KIN'EMON]
Huh?
Hard to turn my back
on people in need,
even if they are
a bunch of fools.
Although my strength
may be meager,
I shall devote it to
your cause all the same.
[MARINE A]
All right, men. Halt!
[MARINE A] Assist whoever you
can in pushing back the cage!
[MARINES]
Yessir!
The Navy?
Ah! What fortune!
Why, we may survive this, yet!
Those who can't use Haki,
head to the factory.
[MARINES]
Yessir!
[yells]
Huh? The Navy is here?
Now let's push that factory!
It's coming! Run away!
[TOWNSMAN T]
Hey! Don't stop! You crazy?
If everyone runs away,
how will anything get fixed?
I'm pushing, too!
What? Wait!
Now, push!
[MARINES grunt]
Damn it! Me too!
Check out these arms!
Yeah! That's the spirit!
Check mine, too!
We came here to help push!
This is our kingdom,
so we gotta protect it!
Mega muscles comin' through!
That's what I like to hear!
Now, time to give this
everything you've got!
[TOWNSPEOPLE]
Yeah!
[TOWNSMAN Y]
There they are!
We might not be
as strong as you are,
but we want to push, too!
Heh. Then get up here and push!
[TOWNSMAN Y]
All right!
[TOWNSMAN Z]
Count me in!
[TOWNSMAN AA] I'm not getting
chopped up without a fight!
You have my thanks! Truly!
Of course! It's the
least we could do!
All right! You ready?
[ALL]
Yeah!
Whatcha gonna do?
[ALL]
Push!
Keep it up!
It's not slowing down!
We're done for!
It's far too early to give up!
This is Mister Zoro's plan,
so it's gotta work!
I'm gonna stop this
damn thing if it kills me!
Let's go!
[yells]
[ALL yelling]
[ALL gasp]
[panting]
[chuckles]
[ZORO]
How 'bout that!
Did the Birdcage stop?
Huh?
All right! Go, Zoro!
Now we don't have to die!
Time for round two!
Even if it started up again,
we did stop it!
Mister Zoro showed us the way!
Thank you for guiding
us with your light!
It wasn't for long,
but they stopped it!
[VIOLET] We just need to
buy a little more time!
We can do it, Straw Hat!
Insolent little punks.
[MARINE F]
Keep pushing!
We stopped it once
and we'll do it again!
[MARINE G]
Everyone together now!
[MARINE H]
Time for a big push! Ready?
[GUARD A gasps] King Riku?
And Commander Tank?
We'll save this kingdom yet!
You've done well so far!
If not for your efforts,
we would've lost
thousands of our
citizens already!
Heh. You can't keep people
in no birdcage, brother!
Don't you know that these folks
were born to be free?
And how are we gonna prove it?
[DWARVES]
We're gonna push!
Then what?
[MARINES]
We push some more!
You're nothing, Birdcage!
You can't stop us!
[ALL yelling]
Do you think a couple
of miserable seconds
are going to turn this around?
You were doomed from the start
and you're still doomed now.
Keep telling yourself that.
Hierro Lagrima! Tearwhales!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Viola, run! That's enough!
[gasps]
Please, get up!
[DOFLAMINGO]
I know what you're thinking.
You spent ten years with me
as part of the Family.
So surely I would hesitate
for a moment at least
before I killed you.
But you misunderstand
my philosophy.
[VIOLET gasps]
[DOFLAMINGO] I don't punish my
associates for their failures.
I forgive them.
But betrayals are
another matter, entirely.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Don't worry. You can play, too.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles] Look at
your sweet Rebecca now, Violet.
[VIOLET gasps]
[VIOLET]
No!
[REBECCA]
My body... I can't control it!
What's she doing
with that sword?
That doesn't look safe at all!
You bastard.
[REBECCA]
No...
[chuckles]
[chuckles] Good girl.
Come this way for me.
Leave her alone!
This battle's between
you and me!
I can't...
I can't stop it!
Viola!
Keep fighting it!
[REBECCA]
I'm trying, but it's no use!
Very good. Now kill Violet.
I'm so sorry!
I don't want this!
But he's too strong!
Rebecca!
[chuckles]
C'mon, stop!
[REBECCA]
Please forgive me!
[TOWNSMAN AH gasps]
It's made it all the way
to the old King's Plateau!
Damn it! There's
not much city left!
People are gonna start dying
one after another soon!
Keep pushing! This is it!
[TOWNSMAN AJ] Even a second
could save lives!
[GYATS]
Hey, I lost count--
How much longer
until Lucy comes back?
[ATTENDANT B]
I... I'm not sure.
[NARRATOR] The Birdcage
was halted for a moment,
but now it continues to close.
[NARRATOR] The time remaining
is 60 seconds.
The time until Luffy recovers
is also 60 seconds.
[NARRATOR] The Birdcage
has advanced all the way
to the King's Plateau.
As Dressrosa crumbles to pieces,
its people pray
for Luffy's return,
while his allies try to hold out
for just a moment longer.
At the center of this struggle,
Viola fails to stop Doflamingo
and finds herself at
the end of Rebecca's blade.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Dead or Alive!
A Fateful Countdown!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!